five six and seven and eight
this is where we finished part 4 part 5
okay from here your right leg goes over
this is the only income the hip move
okay so you're pushing your hip back
back back if you're comfortable doing
forward you have you're welcome to do
forward because the movement is the same
so either you're pushing it back or
forward it's the same you're calling it
the trunk up and I'm going one two three
four now you walk across over your right
shoulder and take a turn five six seven
eight now watch closely what I'm doing
with the umbrella so I'm realized on the
left shoulder I'm going one two three
four as I'm walking I'm switching it
over to my right shoulder five six seven
eight and I finished with my left leg
forward then you repeat the same thing
on this leg you're going one two three
four you turn over your left shoulder
now doing the same thing five six seven
feet but this time you keep it on top is
everybody okay let's try that one more
time so you finish over your running
back six seven eight five and six and
seven and eight
and a hip hip hip hip walk around six
seven to the right and left hip three
turn around five six seven eight
is everybody okay with them excellent
from you the feet are going out right
side and they come back inside
left leg goes out comes back inside
outside comes back inside left leg comes
back inside the hand is basically just
going
down and up down and up down and up down
Adam okay we got it the show on tap so
you're going to go down high up down up
down up is everybody okay let's try that
one more time six seven eight down and
up and down and up and down and up and
down and up
Oh Cleo let's ride one more time so the
sequence goes six seven eight five and
six and seven on your left shoulder hip
hip hip turn around five six seven with
your left leg one two three left side
five six
Chopin ten and one two three four five
six seven eight you finish over here now
we're just simply going to take a big
circle looking up feeling good and you
just going to go turn around one two
three four
now you're going to shake your head and
hide yourself down under the umbrella
and push it up two times up and up is
everybody okay let's try that one more
time to look up and go one two three
four five and six and seven and eight
and up and up okay excellent from your
it's a reputation of two chorus line so
you're going to go step together step
together step together step together
twist twist and bring it down and your
final poles looking up at the umbrella
and look up so you stay there excellent
so let's try it one more time let's try
it one more time so you finish six seven
eight five and six
and seven and eight and chunka chunka
chunka chunka walk walk walk run and
Tonka two three and four and five six
seven and eight and show show and she
look and look up done two three four and
down and down and down and down and up
and top one two three four five six
seven to the twist and twist and twist
and twist and twist and down and up oh
and pose okay let's try that music